after the win of the year does not play next also we see that in 1994
it may have been harder today than against montpellier two years ago
I swear on the hat to have done what they did it's really
I really have a lot
hat down so for a team of Nimes arrived at the park of the princes in
all relaxation
before the game Bernard Lagat feared that his players would crack under the
pressure of the stake
Nîmes young people
perfectly handle this pressure
and it was also we start again naturally that the attacks of the blues in
lack of conviction a little finishing
meanwhile the billboard is keeping an eye on the Nimes perhaps a
sign of destiny
25th minute ramdane on the right is a baby who escapes rival flap
against all odds nîmes
on the back of their actions that are free to disguise themselves for having
announced his coming more and more difficult for us
where are consumed smell good without being able to play well the scam of
opportunities
we see them
procrastinating
it's very difficult and happens at half-time
as for the half time of the ol like
as the space of two volcanoes that has engulfed who came out of the locker room is
pretty
while rebellion only serve to shape 52nd minute a corner of
diomedes the balloon rises for the head of the water
passed the equalization
like everywhere up to two minutes from the end of regulation time then
lilian laslandes of the head he delivers the giraffe the east end probably also in
wood
the happiest after the victory
jumped from the 19th minute came to see me yesterday with all my family they were
33 the pyre of the Gironde
the jersey of a month and will cost maybe a little moderate behind
eight this match including the metronome in monaco to massage bring back the title nba
we will do everything for that
it is that the cup conquers the title of champion
and already in the minds the evening
it will end calm
guinea barrett
all together
but with the players wives the leaders the famous leading
leaders
and then in the back
players side the second cup of france in alger au cr was watered to
the water
the champion of France
the hour of truth is perhaps
the doubled in Arabic
on the eve of the strike came to laval and the north shore called palmer
damask to lattailed